Add blog post about being a project leader at sprints. (#40)
djangocon/2026.djangocon.us: src/_content/posts/preparing-for-sprints-as-project-leader.md

## Identify what you will need the day of {#identify-what-you-will-need-the-day-of}

Imagine what it will be like during the sprints. You have the ideal number of participants who want to participate exactly as you’re hoping. What will you be doing? What will you be using? Do you need to bring anything with you? You can ask the conference organizers for help with materials as well.

Some examples of materials may be:

* Paper and pens  
* Whiteboard  
* TV

While extra materials can be helpful, it’s also beneficial to prepare as if you only have your computer. Don’t be entirely reliant on the organizers because they are likely volunteers and people can make mistakes.

## Communicate with the organizers

Depending on the conference, you may be able to get your project listed on the sprints page. At DjangoCon US, we would love to know if you plan to be at sprints and which project you’re leading.

Let us know on your sprints ticket(s) or email us directly at [sprints@djangocon.us](mailto:sprints@djangocon.us).

> The organizers at DjangoCon US will be hosting a few pre-conference, virtual office hours for attendees to get their laptops ready to contribute to a project. Knowing that you’ll be there allows us to steer people towards your project so they can clone the repo, set up a virtual environment and run the tests, all before the conference, allowing you more time to collaborate. **So please, let us know if you’re coming!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The organizers at DjangoCon US will be hosting a few virtual office hour sessions before the conference for attendees to get their laptops ready to contribute to a project. Knowing that you’ll be there allows us to steer people towards your project so they can clone the repo, set up a virtual environment and run the tests, all before the conference, allowing you more time to collaborate. **So please, let us know if you’re coming!**
```
